Migrates workbox module docs from WebFu to developer.chrome.com (#1802)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/workbox-modules/workbox-cli/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
title: workbox-cli
date: 2017-11-27
updated: 2020-01-17
description: >

>   Generate a complete service worker, inject a precache manifest or copy the Workbox files from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Generate a service worker, inject a precache manifest, or create a local copy the Workbox libraries from the command line.
```
